Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are finally going to save the video to our cloud faster database.
Okay, now, to do this, we're going to need to go to the controllers directory and then the upload
video.
And now we can use controlled B to make this work.
Okay, now over here, we first need to create a variable called video and we can specify the type of
variable this is a type of the video model and now we can see is equal to the video.
Okay.
Video, video like this.
You can see it was us to pass the value to this.
Feels right.
Okay.
Now, the first shield is the user name, right?
And over here, we already fashioned the user name from the user collection.
Right.
Okay.
You can see we already fetch into the current logged in user.
So over here we need to add the practices and then called.
I use a doc variable user doc and thoughts data.
And over.
Yeah, we can see it is a map.
Map of string and dynamic.
Die, not make it over here.
We need to dance a name.
I think that is what we have in our database.
And not a user name.
You can see name.
Okay.
Great.
Now the rest is already passed.
Okay.
For the.
For the Heidi is going to be video.
The deal and caucus needs.
The lens.
That is how many video we currently have.
If this is the first video that is going to see one.
As for the likes, we can just give an empty list for now and for the cow comments counts.
Defaults is going to be zero and for the share count as well is going to be zero.
Okay.
And.
Share counts.
Okay.
For the profile photo, we are still going to get the profile photo from the users collection.
Right.
So as well, we need to have apprentices over here and then called the user doc and then those data
and now we can see as.
My shrink.
And die.
Die, not make it over here.
We need to demonstrate profi.
For to make sure you don't make any spelling mistakes, you're going to get a bad state error.
Okay.
Great.
And what we can do is we can have the train come out there.
Okay.
Now, after this.
Now we need to then.
With this and then faster.
The collection I think we have.
The that collection that we can call the collection videos.
So this is where all our videos are going to be stored and we can see the dog.
And as you know, each video is going to be collected.
So this video collection based on something known as the video.
Right.
Okay.
So for the video, we can save videos and.
Walcott's needs, the lines and how many video we have so far.
And then we can see set.
And now we can then call this variable called video.
Okay.
We can just make sure.
The deal.
Okay.
And we can see that's.
I think we do that to.
Jason.
Okay.
I think we are having.
I'm just going to make sure.
The you.
Okay.
The sets.
Sorry.
We as well need to call this.
Okay.
Although it is okay.
Her, us.
And now we can't use control.
The think we in Australia is currently the case so.
And.
Right.
I think there's.
I think I don't really know how to spell video.
I'm just going to check for the spelling.
And I think.
This should be.
And.
We can just go with our spending over a year.
And get rid of the S and.
Okay.
Is Katrina necessary?